README.md, before:

## 🚀 Dhruv Sheladiya | AI-Driven Web Developer

<p align="center">
  <b>Building scalable web apps • Integrating AI into real products • Performance-focused frontend</b>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/dhruv-sheladiya-a350582a6">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:dhruvsheladiya07@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=flat&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
</p>

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif">

## 👋 About Me

I’m a **Web Developer with ~2 years of hands-on experience**, focused on:

- ⚡ Building **high-performance, scalable web applications**
- 🤖 **Integrating AI** into real-world products (not just demos)
- 🧠 Writing **clean, maintainable frontend architecture**
- 🚀 Deploying & scaling apps using modern DevOps tools

I enjoy working at the intersection of **Frontend, AI, and Product Engineering** — turning ideas into fast, production-ready solutions.

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif">

## 🧠 Core Strengths

- Scalable **React & Next.js architecture**
- Performance optimization & clean state management
- AI feature integration (recommendations, automation, personalization)
- SEO, ads, hydration & production debugging
- Writing code that scales with users and teams

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif">

## 💻 Tech Stack

<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,js,react,next,redux,tailwind,mui,nodejs,firebase,aws,nginx,git,github,gitlab,postman,notion,vite,npm" />
</p>

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif">

<!-- <details> -->
  <summary>
    <!-- <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/iY8CRBdQXODJSCERIr/giphy.gif" width ="25"> &ensp; -->
    <b>Stats Overview</b>

  
  </summary>

   <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif">

  <div align="center">
    <span>
      <a href="https://aboutdhruv.vercel.app/">
        <img width="330" src="https://github-readme-stats-salesp07.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Dhruv-1511&langs_count=8&layout=compact&theme=dark&border_radius=10&hide_border=true" alt="top langs" />
      </a>
    </span>
    <!-- <span>
      <a href="https://aboutdhruv.vercel.app/">
        <img height="180" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/wakatime?username=Dhruv-1511&layout=compact&langs_count=6&theme=dark&border_radius=10&hide_border=true" />
      </a>
    </span> -->
    <span>
      <a href="https://aboutdhruv.vercel.app/">
        <img width="410" src="https://github-readme-stats-salesp07.vercel.app/api?username=Dhruv-1511&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=dark&rank_icon=github&hide_border=true&border_radius=10" alt="readme stats" />
      </a>
    </span>
    <span>
      <a href="[https://aboutdhruv.vercel.app/">
        <img width="430" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats-salesp07.vercel.app/?user=Dhruv-1511&count_private=true&theme=dark&hide_border=true&border_radius=10&card_width=495" alt="streak stats" />
      </a>
    </span>
  </div>
<!-- </details> -->

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif">

## 🤝 Let’s Build Something Impactful

- 💼 Open to **Frontend / Full-Stack / AI-focused roles**
- 🚀 Interested in **startups, SaaS & product teams**
- 📬 Email: **dhruvsheladiya07@gmail.com**

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif">

<!-- ## 🐍 Contribution Graph  

<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/800c7807-298d-415f-8081-e7d5d982555c" /> -->

### ⭐ If you like my work, consider starring a repository — it really helps!

Commit message:

Revise skills and focus areas in README
Updated the description of skills and focus areas for clarity and impact.

README.md, after:

## 🚀 Dhruv Sheladiya | AI-Driven Web Developer

<p align="center">
  <b>Building scalable web apps • Integrating AI into real products • Performance-focused frontend</b>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/dhruv-sheladiya-a350582a6">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:dhruvsheladiya07@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=flat&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
</p>

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif">

## 👋 About Me

I’m a **Web Developer with ~2 years of hands-on experience**, focused on:

- ⚡ **Building robust, performance-optimized web applications** that scale with growing user demands  
- 🤖 **Bringing AI capabilities into real-world products**, focusing on usability, reliability, and measurable impact  
- 🧠 **Crafting well-structured frontend architectures** that are easy to maintain, extend, and collaborate on  
- 🚀 **Managing end-to-end deployment and scaling** using modern DevOps practices and tools  

I enjoy working at the intersection of **Frontend, AI, and Product Engineering** — turning ideas into fast, production-ready solutions.

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif">

## 🧠 Core Strengths

- Scalable **React & Next.js architecture**
- Performance optimization & clean state management
- AI feature integration (recommendations, automation, personalization)
- SEO, ads, hydration & production debugging
- Writing code that scales with users and teams

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif">

## 💻 Tech Stack

<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,js,react,next,redux,tailwind,mui,nodejs,firebase,aws,nginx,git,github,gitlab,postman,notion,vite,npm" />
</p>

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif">

<!-- <details> -->
  <summary>
    <!-- <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/iY8CRBdQXODJSCERIr/giphy.gif" width ="25"> &ensp; -->
    <b>Stats Overview</b>

  
  </summary>

   <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif">

  <div align="center">
    <span>
      <a href="https://aboutdhruv.vercel.app/">
        <img width="330" src="https://github-readme-stats-salesp07.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Dhruv-1511&langs_count=8&layout=compact&theme=dark&border_radius=10&hide_border=true" alt="top langs" />
      </a>
    </span>
    <!-- <span>
      <a href="https://aboutdhruv.vercel.app/">
        <img height="180" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/wakatime?username=Dhruv-1511&layout=compact&langs_count=6&theme=dark&border_radius=10&hide_border=true" />
      </a>
    </span> -->
    <span>
      <a href="https://aboutdhruv.vercel.app/">
        <img width="410" src="https://github-readme-stats-salesp07.vercel.app/api?username=Dhruv-1511&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=dark&rank_icon=github&hide_border=true&border_radius=10" alt="readme stats" />
      </a>
    </span>
    <span>
      <a href="[https://aboutdhruv.vercel.app/">
        <img width="430" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats-salesp07.vercel.app/?user=Dhruv-1511&count_private=true&theme=dark&hide_border=true&border_radius=10&card_width=495" alt="streak stats" />
      </a>
    </span>
  </div>
<!-- </details> -->

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif">

## 🤝 Let’s Build Something Impactful

- 💼 Open to **Frontend / Full-Stack / AI-focused roles**
- 🚀 Interested in **startups, SaaS & product teams**
- 📬 Email: **dhruvsheladiya07@gmail.com**

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif">

<!-- ## 🐍 Contribution Graph  

<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/800c7807-298d-415f-8081-e7d5d982555c" /> -->

### ⭐ If you like my work, consider starring a repository — it really helps!
